Prep 2.10.0 (#1313)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

> **Support for 1.x will cease on December 4th, 2020**. This branch will only receive fixes for critical issues until that date. Check [this guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/migrating-1x-2x) when planning your migration to 2.x. For details on the 1.x changes, go [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/blob/support-1.x/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: Lets say, "Support for 1.x ended on December 4th, 2020."

2.10.0 (December 10, 2020)
==========================

New Features
------------

> - twilio-video now allows customizing logger using [loglevel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/loglevel) module. With this feature, logs can now be intercepted at runtime to allow real-time processing of the logs which include but not limited to inspecting the log data and sending it to your own server. (JSDK-2373)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now intercept logs generated by twilio-video.js using the [loglevel](https://www.npmjs.com/package/loglevel) module. This allows for real-time processing of the logs which include but not limited to inspecting the log data and sending it to your own server. (JSDK-2373)
```

>   `ConnectOptions`'s `logLevel` property is now deprecated. You can instead use `logger.setLevel` to set the desired log level.

Reviewer: Will this break any existing apps?

Reviewer 2: @donaltoomey Deprecated does not mean it is removed. You can still use it, so it won't break any existing apps.

> With this change `ConnectOptions`'s `logLevel` property is now deprecated. You can instead use `logger.setLevel` to set the desired log level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `ConnectOptions`'s `logLevel` property is now deprecated. You can instead use `logger.setLevel` to set the desired log level.
```

  ```js
  var { Logger, connect } = require('twilio-video');
  var logger = Logger.getLogger('twilio-video');

  // setLevel lets you to control what gets printed on console logs by twilio-video.
  logger.setLevel('debug');
  connect(token, {
    name: 'my-cool-room'
  }).then(function(room) {
    room.on('participantConnected', function(participant) {
      console.log(participant.identity + ' has connected');
    });
  }).catch(error => {
    console.log('Could not connect to the Room:', error.message);
  });
  ```

> Additionally  `ConnectOptions`'s `eventListener` property is now deprecated. You can listen for the signaling events by intercepting the logger's messages as shown in the example below. (JSDK-2977)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Additionally, `ConnectOptions`'s `eventListener` property is now deprecated. You can listen for the signaling events by intercepting the logger's messages as shown in the example below. (JSDK-2977)
```
